Hello and welcome to the second big part of this implementation training the brains.
So we have just smashed part one creating the brains and now we're going to tackle part to training
the brains.
So this training implementation will be broken down into two big steps.
First step will be to update the weight of the neural network of the discriminator and then the second
step will be to update the weight of the new one that work of the generator.
And then if we want to break down this process into some more steps.
Well that's how it goes in the first big step.
Updating the weights of the discriminator we will want to train the discriminator to see to understand
what's real and what's fake.
So we will first train it by giving it a real image and we'll set the target to one because one means
that the image is accepted and then we'll do another training by giving it this time a fake image and
setting the standard target to zero because zero means that the image is not accepted.
So this first big step can be broken down into two steps.
First training the discriminator with a real image and then training the discriminator with a fake image
and this fake image will be of course a fake image created by the generator.
And then in the second step of the training that is about the weight of the neural network of the generator.
Well we'll take the fake image again which will be in one step of the loop then we'll feed this fake
image into the discriminator to get the output which will be a value between 0 and 1 the discriminating
value.
But then we'll set a new target to 1.
The target will be equal to 1 always and will compute the computerless between the output of the discriminator
the value between 0 and 1.
And this target always equal to 1 then be careful.
That's the key thing to understand will back propagate this error not back inside the discriminator
but back inside the generator.
That's the key thing to understand the error is the error between the prediction of the discriminator
and the target equal to one but will back propagate this error back inside the neural network of the
generator.
And then once we do that will applies to kesa great in the sense to date the weight of the neural network
of the generator.
All right.
So we have given a teaser of what's going to happen in the second phase of training the brain.
So let's tackle the second phase and let's start right now.
All right.
So we have to start by getting a criterion that will measure the error of prediction that will be of
value between 0 and 1 because that will be the prediction of the discriminator the discriminating number
between 0 and 1 and a ground truth that will only be 0 or 1 0 means fake and 1 means real.
So let's do this.
That's our first step.
We create a criterion object criterion object that will be an object of the b c the last.
So if we go to the PI torch documentation we can see that the B C class is actually given by this formula.
And so this is a special kind of less perfect to train at this adversarial networks and busy means binary
Krus entropy.
So that's the last we'll be using for our Just again.
But we see that it is also used for our encounters.
But the most important thing is that the target should be numbers between 0 and 1 and that will be the
case for TCN.
Because the targets will either be zero when we want to try to discriminate or to recognize a fake image
or one.
When we train the discriminator to recognize a real image.
So basically us and then we just need some parenthesis.
All right so perfect.
We have our criterion and now we need to optimize one optimizer for the generator and one optimized
for the discriminator.
So we'll start with the optimizer of the discriminator.
And this time we're not going to get it from.
And then the end module but if we have a look again at our libraries that we imported.
Well as you can see here we imported towards start up.
And we gave it the shortcut name up to him to simplify.
But that's from which we will import our optimizer object.
So here we go optimize Riddhi equals Optum dot and we'll get the atom optimizer which is a highly advanced
optimizer for stochastic great in the sense.
Okay.
And now this time we have to put some arguments the first argument we need to input are the parameters
of our neural network to one of the discriminator and to get them we're going to take our neural network
objects of the discriminator that we called Net D.
So net D.
And then that and then we get the parameters this way with some parenthesis then we specify a learning
rate and the argument for that is are and will show the value of our point 0 2 and then the third argument
we need to specify the beta's parameters and we're going to improve them this way the name of the argument
is better.
And it's actually a couple of two values that we have to choose.
And if we go to the pie torch documentation again well we see that for this Adam optimizer that these
bettors are actually coefficients used for computing running averages of gradient and square.
So we're just going to pick two values now again coming from experimentation and we'll choose 0.5 and
point nine nine.
Great.
Perfect.
We have the optimizer of the discriminator.
And now let's get the optimizer of the generator.
So since we're going to have the same parameters the same learning rate and the same betas.
We simply need to change the name of the optimizer.
And of course we're going to call the optimize of the generator optimizer G which will also be an atom
optimizer with the same parameters except of course for the parameters of the neural network.
So here we just need to replace Nat d by Najee and perfect.
Now we have zero Pretorian attached to the PC plus the optimizer of the discriminator and the optimizer
of the generator.
And that's good news because basically we're ready to start the big loop of the training that is the
loop over the different epochs.
So we're going to have 25 EPOC and therefore this loop is simply going to be for Epoque in range 25
and in.
And this way the epochs will go from zero to 24.
We'll have 25 epix.
You're welcome to try more e-books if you want to try to have some even better images.
But I can tell you that already with 25 bucks we'll get some great images.
And also it's important to understand is that in each of these 25 bucks we'll go through all the images
of the dataset we'll go through all the images of the dataset twenty five times.
All right so now we're directly going to start with a new for loop that if you've listened to the last
sentence I've just said it's going to be the nucleus we'll go through all the images of the dataset.
Therefore the second for loop is going to be for I which will just be the index of the loop and then
data that will contain a million batch of images.
We will go through all the images of the dataset mini batch by mini bitch.
That is what it means.
And data will be one of these mini batches.
So we're breaking the data the whole data set of all the images in too many batches and data will be
each of these different mini batches.
And so now to get these different mini batches we're going to use data loader and we're going to use
the enemy rate function to get these separate mini batches of the dataset.
And so inside and emirate's we have to put our data loader which will get us the mini batches but then
we also have to specify where the index of the loop is going to start from that is where I is going
to start from.
And I will start from zero.
So I'm just adding 0 here and there we go.
We are ready to start the big two steps of the training.
So we'll do these big two steps in two separate tutorials.
The next one will be about updating the weights of the neural network the discriminator.
Then the next tutorial after that will be about the second big step about the update of the weight of
the new work of the generator and then we'll have the last final exciting tutorial to print the classes
save the real images save the fake images and watch the final results.
So be ready for all this.
And until then enjoy computer vision.